docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
description: CSS files derived from Pygments' and Rouge's built-in code highlighting
  styles, plus some popular community themes.
styles:
  pygments:
  - algol_nu
  - rainbow_dash
  - github-dark
  - lovelace
  - native
  - gruvbox-light
  - inkpot
  - one-dark
  - stata-dark
  - nord
  - material
  - trac
  - rrt
  - vim
  - gruvbox-dark
  - xcode
  - lilypond
  - borland
  - algol
  - perldoc
  - paraiso-dark
  - abap
  - murphy
  - sas
  - monokai
  - solarized-light
  - nord-darker
  - dracula
  - pastie
  - solarized-dark
  - manni
  - zenburn
  - bw
  - autumn
  - vs
  - fruity
  - default
  - paraiso-light
  - igor
  - friendly_grayscale
  - emacs
  - staroffice
  - friendly
  - stata-light
  - tango
  - arduino
  - stata
  - colorful
  other:
  - tomorrow_night_eighties
  - tomorrow_night_blue
  - tomorrow_night
  - tomorrow
  - son-of-obsidian
  - tomorrow_night_bright
  rouge:
  - gruvbox
  - github
  - magritte
  - base16.solarized
  - igorpro
  - monokai.sublime
  - github.dark
  - monokai
  - pastie
  - base16.monokai
  - bw
  - gruvbox.light
  - thankful_eyes
  - base16.dark
  - base16
  - molokai
  - tulip
  - colorful
---

[Pygments](http://pygments.org) is a Python-based code highlighting tool that comes with a set of built-in "[styles](http://dev.pocoo.org/projects/pygments/browser/pygments/styles)" (not CSS) for code highlighting, and [Rouge](https://github.com/rouge-ruby/rouge/tree/master/lib/rouge/themes) is a Ruby-based clone that is style-compatible (and used by [Jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)!) with its own distinct set of built-in "[themes](https://rouge-ruby.github.io/docs/Rouge/Themes.html)".

The gallery below previews all of the stylesheets generated by both of these tools, plus some popular community themes, with links to CSS files you can use on your own website:

{% capture family_names_str %}
  {% for family in page.styles %}
    {{ family[0] }}
  {% endfor %}
{% endcapture %}
{% assign sorted_family_names = family_names_str | split:' ' | sort_natural %}
{% for family_name in sorted_family_names %}
* [{{ family_name | capitalize }}](#{{ family_name }}): {% assign sorted_styles = page.styles[family_name] | sort_natural %}{% for style in sorted_styles %}[{{ style }}](#{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}){% if forloop.last != true %}, {% endif %}{% endfor %}
{% endfor %}

<style>
  .style-gallery {
      display: flex;
      flex-wrap: wrap;
      justify-content: space-around;
  }
  h2 {
      margin-top: 2em;
  }
  .style-gallery h3 {
      margin-bottom: 0.1em;
  }
  .style-gallery pre {
      background-color: inherit;
  }
</style>

{% for family_name in sorted_family_names %}

<h1 id="{{ family_name }}">{{ family_name | capitalize }}</h1>

<div class="style-gallery">
{% assign sorted_styles = page.styles[family_name] | sort_natural %}
{% for style in sorted_styles %}

<style>{% include_relative stylesheets/{{ family_name }}/{{ style }}.css %}</style>

<div>
<h3 id="{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><a href="https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/blob/main/{{ family_name | capitalize }}/{{ style }}.css">{{ style }}</a></h3>

<div class="highlight-{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><pre class="highlight-{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><code><span class="kn">from</span> <span class="nn">typing</span> <span class="kn">import</span> <span class="n">Iterator</span>

<span class="c1"># This is an example
</span><span class="k">class</span> <span class="nc">Math</span><span class="p">:</span>
    <span class="o">@</span><span class="nb">staticmethod</span>
    <span class="k">def</span> <span class="nf">fib</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">n</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="nb">int</span><span class="p">)</span> <span class="o">-&gt;</span> <span class="n">Iterator</span><span class="p">[</span><span class="nb">int</span><span class="p">]:</span>
        <span class="s">""" Fibonacci series up to n """</span>
        <span class="n">a</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">b</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="mi">0</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="mi">1</span>
        <span class="k">while</span> <span class="n">a</span> <span class="o">&lt;</span> <span class="n">n</span><span class="p">:</span>
            <span class="k">yield</span> <span class="n">a</span>
            <span class="n">a</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">b</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="n">b</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">a</span> <span class="o">+</span> <span class="n">b</span>

<span class="n">result</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="nb">sum</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">Math</span><span class="p">.</span><span class="n">fib</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="mi">42</span><span class="p">))</span>
<span class="k">print</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="s">"The answer is {}"</span><span class="p">.</span><span class="nb">format</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">result</span><span class="p">))</span>
</code></pre></div>
</div>

{% endfor %}
</div>

{% endfor %}

----

If you have a great Pygments-compatible stylesheet that you'd like to share, feel free to post it in a [pull request](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/pulls) or as an [issue](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/issues)!

This page was generated against [pygments-2.14.0](https://github.com/pygments/pygments/releases/tag/2.14.0) and [rouge-4.1.0](https://github.com/rouge-ruby/rouge/releases/tag/v4.1.0).

Commit message:

Remove explicit version references, deferring to the requirements.txt/Gemfile.lock

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
description: CSS files derived from Pygments' and Rouge's built-in code highlighting
  styles, plus some popular community themes.
styles:
  pygments:
  - algol_nu
  - rainbow_dash
  - github-dark
  - lovelace
  - native
  - gruvbox-light
  - inkpot
  - one-dark
  - stata-dark
  - nord
  - material
  - trac
  - rrt
  - vim
  - gruvbox-dark
  - xcode
  - lilypond
  - borland
  - algol
  - perldoc
  - paraiso-dark
  - abap
  - murphy
  - sas
  - monokai
  - solarized-light
  - nord-darker
  - dracula
  - pastie
  - solarized-dark
  - manni
  - zenburn
  - bw
  - autumn
  - vs
  - fruity
  - default
  - paraiso-light
  - igor
  - friendly_grayscale
  - emacs
  - staroffice
  - friendly
  - stata-light
  - tango
  - arduino
  - stata
  - colorful
  other:
  - tomorrow_night_eighties
  - tomorrow_night_blue
  - tomorrow_night
  - tomorrow
  - son-of-obsidian
  - tomorrow_night_bright
  rouge:
  - gruvbox
  - github
  - magritte
  - base16.solarized
  - igorpro
  - monokai.sublime
  - github.dark
  - monokai
  - pastie
  - base16.monokai
  - bw
  - gruvbox.light
  - thankful_eyes
  - base16.dark
  - base16
  - molokai
  - tulip
  - colorful
---

[Pygments](http://pygments.org) is a Python-based code highlighting tool that comes with a set of built-in "[styles](http://dev.pocoo.org/projects/pygments/browser/pygments/styles)" (not CSS) for code highlighting, and [Rouge](https://github.com/rouge-ruby/rouge/tree/master/lib/rouge/themes) is a Ruby-based clone that is style-compatible (and used by [Jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)!) with its own distinct set of built-in "[themes](https://rouge-ruby.github.io/docs/Rouge/Themes.html)".

The gallery below previews all of the stylesheets generated by both of these tools, plus some popular community themes, with links to CSS files you can use on your own website:

{% capture family_names_str %}
  {% for family in page.styles %}
    {{ family[0] }}
  {% endfor %}
{% endcapture %}
{% assign sorted_family_names = family_names_str | split:' ' | sort_natural %}
{% for family_name in sorted_family_names %}
* [{{ family_name | capitalize }}](#{{ family_name }}): {% assign sorted_styles = page.styles[family_name] | sort_natural %}{% for style in sorted_styles %}[{{ style }}](#{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}){% if forloop.last != true %}, {% endif %}{% endfor %}
{% endfor %}

<style>
  .style-gallery {
      display: flex;
      flex-wrap: wrap;
      justify-content: space-around;
  }
  h2 {
      margin-top: 2em;
  }
  .style-gallery h3 {
      margin-bottom: 0.1em;
  }
  .style-gallery pre {
      background-color: inherit;
  }
</style>

{% for family_name in sorted_family_names %}

<h1 id="{{ family_name }}">{{ family_name | capitalize }}</h1>

<div class="style-gallery">
{% assign sorted_styles = page.styles[family_name] | sort_natural %}
{% for style in sorted_styles %}

<style>{% include_relative stylesheets/{{ family_name }}/{{ style }}.css %}</style>

<div>
<h3 id="{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><a href="https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/blob/main/{{ family_name | capitalize }}/{{ style }}.css">{{ style }}</a></h3>

<div class="highlight-{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><pre class="highlight-{{ family_name }}-{{ style }}"><code><span class="kn">from</span> <span class="nn">typing</span> <span class="kn">import</span> <span class="n">Iterator</span>

<span class="c1"># This is an example
</span><span class="k">class</span> <span class="nc">Math</span><span class="p">:</span>
    <span class="o">@</span><span class="nb">staticmethod</span>
    <span class="k">def</span> <span class="nf">fib</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">n</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="nb">int</span><span class="p">)</span> <span class="o">-&gt;</span> <span class="n">Iterator</span><span class="p">[</span><span class="nb">int</span><span class="p">]:</span>
        <span class="s">""" Fibonacci series up to n """</span>
        <span class="n">a</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">b</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="mi">0</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="mi">1</span>
        <span class="k">while</span> <span class="n">a</span> <span class="o">&lt;</span> <span class="n">n</span><span class="p">:</span>
            <span class="k">yield</span> <span class="n">a</span>
            <span class="n">a</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">b</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="n">b</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="n">a</span> <span class="o">+</span> <span class="n">b</span>

<span class="n">result</span> <span class="o">=</span> <span class="nb">sum</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">Math</span><span class="p">.</span><span class="n">fib</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="mi">42</span><span class="p">))</span>
<span class="k">print</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="s">"The answer is {}"</span><span class="p">.</span><span class="nb">format</span><span class="p">(</span><span class="n">result</span><span class="p">))</span>
</code></pre></div>
</div>

{% endfor %}
</div>

{% endfor %}

----

If you have a great Pygments-compatible stylesheet that you'd like to share, feel free to post it in a [pull request](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/pulls) or as an [issue](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/issues)!

You can see the versions of the tools that produced these stylesheets in the repository's [requirements.txt](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/blob/main/requirements.txt) and [Gemfile.lock](https://github.com/numist/highlight-css/blob/main/Gemfile.lock).
